doc: wifi: Add nRF7002-EB II documentation (#24453)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf70/nrf7002eb2_dev_guide.rst

The nRF7002 :term:`Expansion Board (EB)` II (PCA63571), part of the `nRF70 Series Family <nRF70 Series product page_>`_, can be used to provide Wi-Fi® connectivity to compatible development or evaluation boards through the nRF7002 Wi-Fi 6 companion IC.

You can use the nRF7002-EB II to provide Wi-Fi connectivity to the :zephyr:board:`nrf54l15dk` and :zephyr:board:`nrf54lm20dk` board targets.

.. figure:: images/nRF7002eb2.png
   :alt: nRF7002-EB II

   nRF7002-EB II

Pin mapping for the nRF54L15 DK and the nRF54LM20 DK
****************************************************

For nRF54L15 DK and nRF54LM20 DK, refer to the following tables for the pin mapping for these kits.

> The board is mounted on the **P1** connector of these DKs

Reviewer: Is it really "mounted"? Or "may be mounted"? Do we give the impression that this is fixed-mounted, if we write it like this? Minor comment, but would like @bama-nordic and @richabp to check the language.

      | STATUS (ST0)                      | P1.08             | Coexistence status from nRF7002               |
      +-----------------------------------+-------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

   .. group-tab:: nRF54LM20 DK

      +-----------------------------------+-------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

>       | nRF70 Series pin name (EB name)   | nRF54H20 DK pins  | Function                                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      | nRF70 Series pin name (EB name)   | nRF54LM20 DK pins  | Function                                      |
```

      | IOVDDEN                           | P1.13             | Enable IOVDD regulator                        |
      +-----------------------------------+-------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
      | IRQ (IRQ)                         | P1.05             | Interrupt from nRF7002                        |
      +-----------------------------------+-------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
      | GRANT (GRT)                       | P1.07             | Coexistence grant from nRF7002                |
      +-----------------------------------+-------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
      | REQ (REQ)                         | P0.04             | Coexistence request to nRF7002                |
      +-----------------------------------+-------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
      | STATUS (ST0)                      | P0.03             | Coexistence status from nRF7002               |
      +-----------------------------------+-------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

.. _nrf7002eb2_building_programming:

> Building and programming with nRF7002-EB II

Reviewer: I am suggesting to use a little bit better language on the below text. Strictly, speaking we do not build for a shield target , we always build for a SoC. I left a comment below, but i realize there's one more place we can improve the language.

Suggestion here

To build an application with support for Wi-Fi using the nRF7002-EB II, use a compatible :ref:`board target <app_boards_names>` with the CMake ``SHIELD`` option set to the corresponding shield name.
See :ref:`cmake_options` for instructions on how to provide CMake options.

   set(SHIELD nrf7002eb2)

> To build for the nRF7002-EB II with nRF54LM20 DK, use the ``nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp`` board target with the CMake ``SHIELD`` variable set to ``nrf7002eb2``.

Reviewer: I am not sure I like this. We do not build for the shield - we build for the DK, and integrate the shield. I can suggest something below.

> To build for the nRF7002-EB II with nRF54LM20 DK, use the ``nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp`` board target with the CMake ``SHIELD`` variable set to ``nrf7002eb2``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build for the nRF54LM20A SoC with support for the nRF7002 companion IC, use the ``nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp`` board target with the CMake ``SHIELD`` variable set to ``nrf7002eb2``.
```
